[Docs] Adds release notes for 8.17.10 (#231085)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

* AiOps: Fixes Log Rate Analysis embeddable error on the Alerts page ({kibana-pull}203093[#203093]).
* Initializes saved objects on trained model page load ({kibana-pull}201426[#201426]).

[[release-notes-8.17.10]]
== {kib} 8.17.10

The 8.17.10 release includes the following fixes.

[float]
[[fixes-v8.17.10]]
=== Fixes
Dashboards and Visualizations::
* Fixes an issue with the plus sign `+` not being properly encoded when it's part of a date math expression ({kibana-pull}230469[#230469]).

> * Fixes an issue in Firefox preventing from scrolling in the Lens editor flyout ({kibana-pull}228625[#228625]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in Firefox preventing you from scrolling in the Lens editor flyout ({kibana-pull}228625[#228625]).
```

* Fixes an issue in reports where a PNG or PDF export would offset and clip part of the visualization in Lens ({kibana-pull}228603[#228603]).

> * Fixes an issue preventing from saving linked TSVB visualizations when changing data view ({kibana-pull}228685[#228685]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue preventing you from saving linked TSVB visualizations when changing data views ({kibana-pull}228685[#228685]).
```

Reviewer 2: Another!
